---
layout: post
title: Web Copywriting with Psychology
---

There are many different devices used that can make your copywriting a power house of influence when it comes to introducing your product in a way where it become an advantage in the potential customers mind. One device that is used is the **Commitment/Consistency Element**, this device naturally influences the reader by asking them a question that they are bound to say yes to and commit to it. For example, *What if there was way you can improve your health and become more active to spend more time with your love ones in a matter of 30 days. I you are willing to give up 45 minutes of your time to get this information you will be impress with the results?* This questions makes the reader commit to the 45 minutes to learn more and keeps them consistent because of the fact that everyone want to be healthy and spend time with their loved ones. Another device used is **Embedded Commands**, this strategy is presented in the form of a question or statement, which includes a hidden close to actions. An example of this; If only you knew how good it will feel to *buy an Audi*. As the target audience reads the statement it might not have such an impact, but the command is there in the statement, *buy an Audi*, this device can be very powerful if you phrase the statement or question the right way along with the command. Sub consciously the reader is thinking about the command as he or she is reading it. These are just a few devices used and they can be very powerful that is why it is important to use them responsibly as a copywriter.
