---
layout: post
title: Web Copy Blueprint 2
---

Once you've answers the five questions of the blueprint you must use these 5 concepts.  First you must **Inject emotion** into selling your product or service. Most people buy on emotion and justify with logic and selling your product by using an emotional approach. Second you must add **Bullet points, Bonuses, Guarantee, and Close**. The bulleted points will state the benefits of the product or service and puts the target audience in a state of mind where they are imagining themselves enjoying your product or service. Bonuses are great because it gives the prospect a gift along with the product or service that is being sold to them. Money back guarantee eliminates the risk of buying your product or service. Closing does not mean you have close the sale. Once you have presented the benefits of your product and the customer seems a hundred percent interested then you close the sale at the end of all the useful information you have given them.**Add Credibility-Building  Elements**, with this strategy you are using information from other sources that present your product in a favorable way. Whether it is interesting stories, case studies, significant facts, or statistics related to your product or service. **Add Psychological Devices** that can persuade your target audience and make them commit to the product or service. This is a very important and complex way to get the prospect mentally ready to trust what you are selling. **Replace rational words with emotional words** to convey positive emptions towards the product or service your website is offering. These steps are the soul to your web copy blueprint.
